Re-add user_credential_write entry (#9309)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/manage-access/about-access.md

### Permissions

Permissions determine what users can do in your <Constant name="dbt" /> account. By default, members of the `Owner` and `Member` groups have full access to all areas and features. When you want to restrict access to features, assign users to groups with stricter permission sets. Keep in mind that if a user belongs to multiple groups, the most permissive group will take precedence.

The permissions available depend on whether you're on an [Enterprise, Enterprise+](/docs/platform/manage-access/enterprise-permissions), or [self-service Starter](/docs/platform/manage-access/self-service-permissions) plan. Developer accounts only have a single user, so permissions aren't applicable.

> Some access to user settings (for example, under **Your profile**, select **Credentials**) can be granted with additional permissions (such as `user_credential_write`). Refer to [Enterprise permissions](/docs/platform/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some access to user settings (for example, **Credentials** settings in **Your profile**) can be granted with additional permissions (such as `user_credential_write`). Refer to [Enterprise permissions](/docs/platform/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) for more information.
```
